SRVLOGIC-138: [Docs] Update OpenShift Serverless Logic for DP6 release (#94)
openshift-knative/docs: modules/serverless-logic/pages/release-notes.adoc

== Notable changes

> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-62[SRVLOGIC-62] - Data Index as Quarkus extension

Reviewer: SRVLOGIC-62 was done as a part of DP5.
```suggestion
```

> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-136[SRVLOGIC-136] - Recollection of DP6 small features
> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-130[SRVLOGIC-130] - Execute serverless workflow without code generation
> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-129[SRVLOGIC-129] - Jobs Service features, fixes, and enhancements available in the technical preview
> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-132[SRVLOGIC-132] - Jobs Service Embedded Addon

Reviewer: SRVLOGIC-129, SRVLOGIC-130, SRVLOGIC-132 were not a part of DP6.
```suggestion
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-68[SRVLOGIC-68] - YAML Serverless Workflow parsing on Stunner
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-133[SRVLOGIC-133] - Support validation of output schema
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-136[SRVLOGIC-136] - Recollection of DP6 small features
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-145[SRVLOGIC-145] - Serverless Workflow Visualization Improvements - DP6
```

Author: @MarianMacik Some of the jiras under SRVLOGIC-62,SRVLOGIC-129, SRVLOGIC-130, SRVLOGIC-132  were released in DP6. I got them from the release notes of 1.36,1.37 & 1.38. Please suggest if I need to remove them or keep in  this case.

== Other changes and Bug fixes

* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-129[SRVLOGIC-129] - Jobs Service features, fixes, and enhancements available in the technical preview

> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVLOGIC-71[SRVLOGIC-71] - [use case] Add support for Workflow CR devmode in the Serverless Logic Operator

Reviewer: SRVLOGIC-71 and SRVLOGIC-129 are not a part of DP6.
